Chore: Intro to Storybook updates for 6.0 (react version) (#363)
chromaui/learnstorybook.com: content/intro-to-storybook/react/en/using-addons.md

  onArchiveTask: { action: 'onArchiveTask' },
};

export const taskData = {
  id: '1',
  title: 'Test Task',
  state: 'TASK_INBOX',
  updatedAt: new Date(2018, 0, 1, 9, 0),
};
export default {
  component: Task,
  // Our exports that end in "Data" are not stories.
  excludeStories: /.*Data$/,
  title: 'Task',
  argTypes: {
    ...actionsData,
  },
};

const Template = args => <Task {...args} />;

export const Default = Template.bind({});
Default.args = {
  task: taskData,
  // Background color added
  backgroundColor: '#e5f9f7',
};

export const Pinned = Template.bind({});
Pinned.args = {
  task: {
    ...taskData,
    state: 'TASK_PINNED',
  },
  // Background color added
  backgroundColor: '#c0eef0',
};

export const Archived = Template.bind({});
Archived.args = {
  task: {
    ...taskData,
    state: 'TASK_ARCHIVED',
  },
  // Background color added
  backgroundColor: '#d7f5f5',
};
```

And that's it. Simple isn't it?

Each time you change the `backgroundColor`'s value the component will re-render and show the new color.

<div class="aside">
TODO: add video or image of the initial controls setup showing
</div>

## Addons Evolve Your Storybook's Scope

> Not only does your Storybook instance serve as a wonderful [CDD environment](https://www.componentdriven.org/), but now we're providing an interactive source of documentation and usability. PropTypes and args are great, but a designer or somebody completely new to a component's code will need to be able to figure out its behavior very quickly via Storybook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Not only does your Storybook instance serve as a wonderful [component-driven development environment](https://www.componentdriven.org/), but now we're providing an interactive source of documentation and usability. PropTypes and args are great, but a designer or somebody completely new to a component's code will need to be able to figure out its behavior very quickly via Storybook.
```

(Let's not use "CDD" any more)
